I was in a I was in a large church 1
years ago with a young boy preacher all
I knew to do was say jesus loves you and
cry a lot and huge house built a power
and Sunday School room down here and the
auditoriums up your steps going down and
I was preaching and I remember the house
of field that was the days when folks
went to church had really a lot of crap
and the house was filled people standing
up along the walls they couldn't find a
place to sit down and on the very back
pew the very very back pew was a lady a
girl a female and she had a little
bundle a little baby in her arms and she
was the only one on the pew I found out
later that folks were afraid to sit down
where they're afraid of maybe contacting
some social disease and that night when
I gave the invitation I saw that girl
pull the blanket around that little baby
and start to leave and the Holy Ghost
said you go catch her you go catch her
and when you get to her you tell her I
loved her and boy listen I I ran as fast
as I could through the crowd and I told
the pastor I said you take the
invitation and I called her as she was
going down the steps and I touched her
on the shoulder and I said ma'am the
Lord want me to come and tell you Jesus
listen she said you don't know who I am
I said don't make no difference he said
for me to tell you that he loves you and
she said that preacher she said I'm the
meanest girl in this country said a lot
of those men in there I've slept with
him and said I said they Kurt when
they cursed their dogs at home they
called him by my name when they meet me
in town they won't even speak to him and
they cross over on the other street then
she held a little baby out and she said
preacher I don't even know who his daddy
is it'll never know I've been with so
many men there's no way in the world of
me telling who the child's father is and
you mean to tell me that Jesus will save
me
and I said sure we'll and you know she
was like a lot of folks she thought she
had to be down in front of the church to
give us a she said I can't I said she
said I can't get to them do you
recognize this word I can't get to the
mourners bench you recognize that word
Nigel appointed Henderson then I said
you're standing right in front of the
altar right now see where you meet God
that's your older and there's a bunch of
sheet of crying I was a crying I'd
already contacted a nasal drip you know
it was really getting on out there on
that steps I remember there's a bunch of
dear old ladies that couldn't get in the
church the crowd was to me and I looked
around at one of them and I said hold
this child that old girl back to her
like it had bubonic plague and my mom
and dad you always told me to be good to
old folks but I looked at that old
heifer lady
slip of the lip and I said holy shovin
she grabbed it like it was her favorite
grandchild
of course now that I think about it may
have been
well
and that old girl went down on the steps
of that church has cried out oh god I'm
a sinner see that's what he specialized
in sinners that's why I went to camera
that's why you're sitting there
rejoicing that you're saying you were a
sinner and you transported you from
Lofts to say
that old girl cried out oh god I'm so
wicked and vile God years later I was
conducting revival services in the city
Coliseum an auditorium large building
hundreds of people after the service at
night I was down front talking to folks
and fellowshipping and I looked over and
saw the most dignified lady ever saw
dressed salt-and-pepper hair you know oh
she was such a picture of decency beauty
standing beside was a young man state
leg suit tie polished shoes Bibles in
both of their hand and I said ma'am do
you want to talk to me and she said I
sure do
you're getting ahead of me and she said
do you ever remember anybody getting
saved on some Church House steps mm-hmm
and I said I sure do she said I'm that
one
and she said that I have anybody with me
that night I said you had a little baby
in a little blue blanket I looked at
that boy and his chin had gone into
convulsions tears were streaming and she
said as she pulled her arms around him
she said this is him said he's the
associate pastor over the Second Baptist
Church
see sin may take you down sin has a
golden aim to destroy you and Direction
ruin you but all thank God he's able to
lift you up to change your life and
transform you and make you a new
creature in Christ